Enable use of windows cloud Jenkins nodes (#63)
mantidproject/dockerfiles: Windows/jenkins-node/readme.md

4. Upon clicking `Connect` you will be prompted to enter the password typically associated with your username.
5. If you have successfully established a remote connection to the virtual machine, a windows desktop will be opened in a new window.

## Install git

1. The easiest way to install `git` is via `chocolatey`. To use `chocolatey`, it must first be installed itself.
2. Open `powershell` in administrator mode. Run `Set-ExecutionPolicy Bypass -Scope Process -Force`.
3. Run
   ```sh
   [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [System.Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol -bor 3072; iex ((New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString('https://community.chocolatey.org/install.ps1'))`
   ```

4. Confirm chocolatey has been downloaded and installed correctly using `choco --version`.
5. Download and install `git` using `choco install -y git.install`.
6. Close and reopen `powershell`.
7. Confirm git has been downloaded and installed correctly using `git --version`.

## Install Docker

1. Open `powershell` in administrator mode. Run `Set-ExecutionPolicy Bypass -Scope Process -Force`.

> 1. Run `Install-Module -Name DockerMsftProvider -Repository PSGallery -Force`. This is the provider than will enable access to the docker online package repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `Install-Module -Name DockerMsftProvider -Repository PSGallery -Force`. This is the provider that will enable access to the docker online package repository.
```

Server: Mirantis Container Runtime
 Engine:
  Version:          20.10.9
  API version:      1.41 (minimum version 1.24)
  Go version:       go1.16.12m2
  Git commit:       9b96ce992b
  Built:            12/21/2021 21:33:06
  OS/Arch:          windows/amd64
  Experimental:     false
```

## Set up Node on Jenkins

1. Using the `jenkins` web UI (https://builds.mantidproject.org/), navigate to `Manage Jenkins` then `Manage nodes and clouds` under `System Configuration`.
2. On the side bar, select `New Node`. Enter the Node name using the naming convention <virtual machine name>-<n>, <n> being the node index base 1 to be hosted on that VM.
3. Select the `Copy Existing Node` radio button. Type `isiscloudwin1-1` into the emergent text box and click `Create`.
4. The node configuration will appear, in the `Labels` input box append `-test` to `win-64-cloud` then click `Save`.
5. Take note of the jenkins secret, an encryption key stated after `-secret` in the code box entitled `Run from agent command line`. This key will be needed to enable access to Jenkins.

## Build Image (Only required upon the setting up of the first windows node on a VM, or following an change to the image).

> 1. Clone the `mantidproject/dockerfiles` repository.

Reviewer: Linking to this repository would make it more convenient to clone

6. Download and install `git` using `choco install git.install`.
7. Confirm git has been downloaded and installed correctly using `git --version`.

## Install Docker

1. Open `powershell` in administrator mode. Run `Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted`, entering `A` when prompted. **YOU MUST REMEMBER TO CHANGE THIS BACK VIA STEP 8**.
1. Run `Install-Module -Name DockerMsftProvider -Repository PSGallery -Force`.
3. Check the `DockerMsftProvider` module has been installed by checking the output of `Get-PackageProvider -ListAvailable`.
4. Run `Install-Package -Name docker -ProviderName DockerMsftProvider` to install `docker`.
5. Check that the docker package has been installed using `Get-Package -Name Docker -ProviderName DockerMsftProvider`.
6. Add the `docker` root path (`C:\Program Files\Docker` by default) to the system path variable.
7. Restart the virtual machine using `Restart-Computer -Force`
8. After reconnecting, reset the execution policy using `Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned`.
9. Open `powershell` in administrator mode. Set docker as a service using ` &'<docker root path>\dockerd.exe' --run-service`

> 10. Start the new `docker` service using `Start-service docker`

Author: I've tested this and have just removed this - I don't think it will be necessary moving forwards after a presumed update.

 OS/Arch:           windows/amd64
 Context:           default
 Experimental:      true

Server: Mirantis Container Runtime
 Engine:
  Version:          20.10.9
  API version:      1.41 (minimum version 1.24)
  Go version:       go1.16.12m2
  Git commit:       9b96ce992b
  Built:            12/21/2021 21:33:06
  OS/Arch:          windows/amd64
  Experimental:     false
```

## Set up Node on Jenkins

1. Using the `jenkins` web UI (https://builds.mantidproject.org/), navigate to `Manage Jenkins` then `Manage nodes and clouds` under `System Configuration`.
2. On the side bar, select `New Node`. Enter the Node name using the naming convention <virtual machine name>-<n>, <n> being the node index base 1 to be hosted on that VM.
3. Select the `Copy Existing Node` radio button. Type `isiscloudwin1-1` into the emergent text box and click `Create` then `Save`.
4. Take note of the jenkins secret, an encryption key stated after `-secret` in the code box entitled `Run from agent command line`. This key will be needed to enable access to Jenkins.

## Build Image (Only required upon the setting up of the first windows node, or following an change to the image).

> 1. Clone the `mantidproject/dockerfiles` repository. 

Author: Doesn't really matter, I've written the documentation to be flexible to this regard.

3. Create a container from the image using the command:
   ```sh
   docker run -d --name <cloud node name> --storage-opt "size=250GB" <docker image name> -Url https://builds.mantidproject.org -Secret <jenkins secret> -WorkDir C:/jenkins_workdir -Name <cloud node name>
   ```

4. Confirm that the container has been created and is listed as running using `docker container ps -a`.
5. To SSH into the container to access the command line, `docker exec -it isiscloudwin1 cmd` can be used.

## Testing the new node

1. Using the `Jenkins` web UI (https://builds.mantidproject.org/) navigate to `Manage Jenkins` then `Manage nodes and clouds` under `System Configuration`.
2. On the `Manage nodes and clouds` page of Jenkins, select the new node from the table.
3. Ensure the node is online � if `Bring this node back online` is available on the right of screen, select it.
4. If the cloud node is connected to Jenkins, `Agent is connected` will be stated below the agent name. 
5. From the menu on the left-hand side of the page, select `Configure`. Set the preference score to `1000` and click save - this will ensure this node is used to run the test job.

> 6. In a new tab, navigate to the Jenkins home page, from the pipeline table select `testing-new-windows-builder`. From the menu on the left-hand side of the page, select `Build Now`.

Author: As above, I've changed the pipeline to have a specific test label.
